CAtom, Copyright (c) 2021, 0xFC963F18DC21.

One may use and distribute this library in source and binary form as long as the
following conditions are upheld:

1. Any redistributions of source code and / or binaries retain this notice, and
the given disclaimer below. This can be inside the source code or the repository
only (when dealing with source code) or distributed as a file along with any
binaries.

2. Use of this library must be credited (with at least the library name and a
link to [this original repository](https://github.com/0xFC963F18DC21/CAtom)).
If a fork was used, *both* the fork *and*
[this original repository](https://github.com/0xFC963F18DC21/CAtom) must be
credited. If this repository is forked, it is the responsibility of the forker
to change this entry to reflect the fact that their repository is a fork. A
suggested change is to the following:

    * Use of this library must be credited (with at least the library name and a
    a link to \[this fork](ADD FORK LINK)) along with acknowledgement that this
    library was forked from
    \[the original repository](https://github.com/0xFC963F18DC21/CAtom).

3. The name of the copyright holder, any of its contributors, any of its forks'
contributors, the name of this library and any names of its derivative forks may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

4. If one uses this library without redistribution of any source code or binaries,
credit is not required, but welcome.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, DIGNITY, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
